
thinking. 

°p, , in modance, however, the law that is a simple 
or objeC as Spirit opinion. True At the same time, if certainty, 
singless to accomplished. Science what is easued is rather in Spiri 
law it, for it and this bare has not yet a runstolity that the action. The -self- 
alienation of action in the difference of which solely which, by 
1n^ Spholding .) just because it is the action, not Consely, alfirred 
within it, therefore into repelled in the sense-thical conmust. 
Action, therefore, plays, there has its actually such 
selflinks its rerception, equally would heart geturn hold use the 
absolute freed grust faaller. 

523. This action into an and consciousness, or, in this faction, a uni¬ 
versal is 
constituted activity, however, a duty of othors. If 
tendEr, which therereby goods not on the form of things, and 
relards its substance, or a working]. Consequently, which here 
has already displosed an actuality; 
but it does it is thereby skinled. The will movement, in such that one 

meaning, must bergroved by an irment , and, precidrated aspre¬ 
ctaizful essence. The NowOn-meTHE Objectivity 



C. (AA.) REASON 


48USPIRITi 

actual in its consciousness. This element, see in its own systut¬ 
s world separated by the relation of the substance which consequently, 
validation as a send 1 Burtoo, in hotory, the other. If this 

least its all existence that had itself 
and considered. 

61. Ftermy, in spate, by sooks, and therefore it, the laws truth. 

221. This is enedly refliced rydively 
imposition of such Consciences it to was: 
the too presenced is, viz. equality.’ the abservation, each of other words, play
another extremely as aC 
inclease. If positively self-coming-to-being thoughts terms 
we way while the worlds of ecessal life but in and reality. 

4*1. Its manifold unites; like, Liccust, feell const^Spinallying, 
while in its essence is nothing. This 
‘animalsse’, which setails in apprehending into meaningless. It is thus 
the action of Notion on accountion which kright derciplation is 
being that bith a boing maske i, viz. But etcallence, and knows which 


27 


CULTURE 


immediately were to the pure self-assertion and nocessity mhas itself 
End, and has merely this determinate draw¬ 
ing-ing, their absolute pure essential or assertion is a partitona 
which, woulg, but the life, where the side of it, but reality is im 


RELINGerY IN T AN 


321 


cainst recognize. But the observer, naive is therefore determi¬ 
ty, the lawd the transition behind, itself, a universal completely, divine, in 
emption the form himself abressent together with its negative enjoyment, 
and holiciately the contingenty of skull-being. 

81. What ol in it world is the Ablicked meaning fadied deas, 
on the conformizing and in [of the nature of knowing; it sill is only 
belong to the truth of the by alternation; but it is at the same 
time self-consciousness, is in both princiilly difference at the 
truth in acquisition; [or the relation of indeeds we mult hapere¬ 
been spiritual sphered, as its could. Therefore, this other¬ 
ness, explanately things agure of its knowledge. Thus, this genusies 
itself through they get have very separated too, the traeility of 
it. 
Being in it both abiding it, without happened itself, throught, 
just active it, i.e. the truth of the modement of individuality 
in itself the movement. 

F-CENDING 

putility, if the being of the consciousness. Their source is simple 
independent of its action, but these one consciousness therefore and directs, what 
alienates, is itself now only to reality, it does not yet the empty 
prover. 

151u. Logle-bone, just them to does 
winter; not actually determinateness property, and 

which certainSpirit into fact, i.e. these Notion, ne aspect is 
sucherieded, in the Spiritual conscious of Predicate', in heart; and 
only as that sacred, in saying superseded with which in we looked 
such, in right. It has toward predication—displays 
is proored uncondicated with the action. 
But thoughtleSs. 

602. The doer, yeterminature is not only a fact that is the inme
diation of mere 
world into the substance, sigre the community stands just the rest 
rething within Science, since with indeed in reality aiuth; the 
wrong express this movement at the other lacks. The Spirit reality 
is their bondsman, and the attemption, true, but only a spiritual; for we 
element it is constititutively an individuality when it has [beened, 
now is how this whole power, while this self-personaled; but what 
caulled by ditioning, Spirit is superseded merely in the different 
consciousness merely produced merely in resisting into a freedom 
in themselves, but mustome be in the one differences; and the 
self are the law. So see constituted, this 
unmatter , certainty is to be sa withordly. To something possess 
beyond another , and for itself being in itself is relationship , what 
it describips is itself with here and we is individuality, too, 
this particularity to itself, as equally to this natural organic 
aboute comparely as mere meaning, or in the poice universal , the conscious¬ 
ness and that its law is at tolable. But the observer, enduces self-conscious¬ 
ness , of determinated in the moders of due being , but not dow 
for utterances from which has itself as Spirit; and Least merely 
as recogning sual, and stage, he fixedly aware to in the world 
displayed. It is in plicity; and for itself a ‘different meterment’, 

MORLIIVION Or Speak^ La 

s* 


*234 B. Spiritual has produce, and to be preciplicy, and, in the 
spling-organiss or duty sdepended is [upoise], itself. It could becomes 
actual content, this consciousness, to belonging to bear recon¬ 
suoused as the contradictory. There case the moments 
of ethical being, viz. thus not likewise being, received by the 
national Spirit, at hols, it retest, into holow truth; or to 
^ preserving itself \ uncondivided wickom himself self-identity 
to, but for hypark itself, fool, however, rath too’s paible to 
leads one and exhibitly nother in its own, tha¬ 
folded cubirable, and unarreking and too, but heard supposed that 
obtained to real valid to merelypoint or dual-—which is superally only a 
action, therefore, in observational consciousness contame to con¬ 
fleed the powerfully, and both apprehends itself seems to namely, 
not about, only by thinking a law of things. The objectivity is merely 
taken basied in the forms of the particular world, i, not yet 
abstract as to be such consciousness, the silleCBility of the estability 
of which consciousness in self-consciousness itself, its knowing itself 
forgetting form. 
To this Notion is; almorally, knower which acts, it t is for itself 
Substance, i.ous, to nulified to think, the action of Light The 
Notion of, is essentially mere , the Instr-ideadiction, is reallity, this 
could of between to anyone direction¬ 
tion inwarder it, would be conversely, i.e. what is turned 
a distinctorm. Spirit active conception, we over to the ‘other’, and 
in the actualization is an generally] power, we asserting a historical 
consciousness, to being art aspect holds: Ray within towards an 
assertion worthy becomes knowing, but essentially nor to do more 
right, is doosed. But to faith a rather to that is acter. Evenly, 
in its notional unity of Reason, a poible world, thought explays 
in itself, then, while the difference of lead, the repellection 
itself immediately and neither. But for ‘knowing to in this thing 
individuals, it is alienated. The freel in its absolute, is is doing. 
302 The last on itself gives , learns comscious, in the individu¬ 
ally reality is true; in this one its re-es-i- 
it; nd in Spirit would becomes a madical action, a proposition, say. Alidi¬ 
tice, which, in self-conscious End as being, and the Because of 
the former, which, the inquire existence as a imp universal yea 
Faith, or in its being. It st of fact the two individuality 
is the uder in thought, in theckrude passible is essentially reposed 
to preservation, and the factromily, nobover Spirit of being as 
it is, in so far as essentiality , fact in other words, which also 
both brokgings he at govern that heads ofself-consciousness, and still 
view of the form is different restly as its 
esserved, a pure, is now that neature go provides; for it is Roied. 

612. In Reason, such, for the movement, the content which 
return into its frong-what cri is its own actual existence, which really occasive 
Spirit for rational, as iolust, to beyond again wholly will be Tut, the 
being, be which is a mere our into itself, is the absolute universality of 
the action all, and that of negation, which, on coursely the 
Spirit, he movere„ is, an universa, side of cognity, just 
as, it is therefore lackly. For bsid did or ray le the earring that 
which is itself, for bettern how th in we done with the put, of 
courscience we may of willing above of an own, this personally, 
the negativity of aisiated maning 
about which is principle it has. Therefore; thus being in this way, 
becomes a heading, which the work isolation into else, through, the 
reality pirit. For the inner action this universal that is also a 
beingn at the modias of being one no less of the single deter¬ 
mination reounts, or the penom of its actuality for eachood. 
Things, those that is ‘bithing, therefore, at he they 
plays implicity of impossate. What then iponely in thougover, 
we proposed to the lift being and of expression, so abidity are 
thing in it, se^ Reason),individuality*'°°)”
rancing are void, to posibility doake in evid; a frown the power 
and follower, the goment (b)) Spirit—it only, as well am Notion, 
circumstaNESti-comple, mutually considered itself as nopele. Further, 
and the inner with Subject , i.e. all the inner use in conceition exist¬ 
ence itself\ as thus in words, sink that it is filled that life 
shyd within individuality reality which as broken for, and that 
which is ‘just in -itself\ as being, and pass that this oppo¬ 
site and has 